in the 18th year of king jeroboam the
son of nebat Abijah became king over
Judah he reigned three years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was may
occur the granddaughter of a bishop and
he walked in all the sins of his father
which he had done before him his heart
was not loyal to the Lord his God as was
the heart of his father David
nevertheless for David's sake the Lord
his God gave him a lamp in Jerusalem by
setting up his son after him and by
establishing Jerusalem because David did
what was right in the eyes of the Lord
and had not turned aside from anything
that he commanded him all the days of
his life except in the matter of Uriah
the Hittite and there was war between
Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of
his life now the rest of the acts of a
by Djem and all that he did are they not
written in the book of the chronicles of
the kings of judah and there was war
between Abijah and Jeroboam so a by Djem
rested with his father's and they buried
him in the City of David
then ASA his son reigned in his place in
the 20th year of Jeroboam king of Israel
ASA became king over Judah and he
reigned 41 years in Jerusalem
his grandmother's name was mayor the
granddaughter of a Michelin ASA did what
was right in the eyes of the Lord as did
his father David and he banished the
perverted persons from the land and
removed all the idols that his fathers
had made also he removed may occur
his grandmother from being Queen Mother
because she had made an obscene image of
a Shira and ASA cut down her obscene
image and burned it by the brook Kedron
of the high places were not removed
nevertheless ASUS heart was loyal to the
Lord all his days he also brought into
the house of the Lord the things which
his father had dedicated and the things
which he himself had dedicated silver
and gold and utensils
now there was war between ASA and Bair
sure king of Israel all their days and
bear sure king of Israel came up against
Judah and built Raymer
that he might let none go out or come in
to ASA king of Judah then ASA took all
the silver and gold that was left in the
Treasuries of the house of the Lord and
the Treasuries of the king's house and
delivered them into the hand of his
servants and King ASA sent them to
ben-hadad the son of tab ribbon the son
of he's yarn king of Syria who dwelt in
Damascus saying let there be a treaty
between you and me as there was between
my father and your father see I have
sent you a present of silver and gold
come and break your treaty with baya
Shah king of Israel so that he will
withdraw from me so ben-hadad
he did King ASA and sent the captains of
his armies against the cities of Israel
he attacked I jus da able birth may
occur and all kynareth were all the land
of Naphtali
now it happened when Benny sure heard it
that he stopped building Rhema and
remained in tears ur
then King ASA made a proclamation
throughout all Judah none was exempted
and they took away the stones and timber
of Rama which bear sure had used for
building and with them king asa built
kiba of Benjamin and Misbah the rest of
all the acts of ASA all his might all
that he did and the cities which he
built are they not written in the book
of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
but in the time of his old age he was
diseased in his feet
so ASA rested with his father's and was
buried with his father's in the City of
David his father then Jehoshaphat his
son reigned in his place
now nadir the son of Jeroboam became
king over Israel in the second year of
ASA king of Judah and he reigned over
Israel two years and he did evil in the
sight of the Lord and walked in the way
of his father and in his sin by which he
had made Israel sin then bare sure the
son of a Hydra of the house of Asaka
conspired against him and bare sure
killed him at gibbous on which belonged
to the Philistines while Nader and all
Israel laid siege to givethem bear Shack
killed him in the third year of ASA king
of Judah and reigned in his place
and it was so when he became king that
he killed all the house of Jeroboam he
did not leave to Jeroboam anyone that
breathed until he had destroyed him
according to the word of the Lord which
he had spoken by his servant a high Jew
the Shiloh night because of the sins of
Jeroboam which he had sinned and by
which he had made Israel sin because of
his provocation with which he had
provoked the Lord God of Israel to anger
now the rest of the acts of nade ab and
all that he did are they not written in
the book of The Chronicles of the kings
of Israel and there was war between ASA
and bear shut king of Israel all their
days in the third year of a circle of
Judah bear sure the son of a Hydra
became king over all Israel in tearsa
and reigned 24 years he did evil in the
sight of the Lord and walked in the way
of Jeroboam and in his sin by which he
had made Israel sin
[Music]